README.md, before:

Slider plugin for jQuery


Minimal configuration jQuery plugin with bootstrap style data api.

2kb gzipped and minified.

Can be used separately from bootstrap if you make your own CSS.

Usage
-----

The slider can only be called on input elements, this helps keeping
the api size to minimum. 

	$('input').slider(options)
	
Options
-------

* min - the minimum value, default 1
* max - the maximum value, default 100
* step - the step size, default 1. Must be > 0

Methods
-------

__.slider("destroy")__
Destroy the slider enhancement from an input element

	$("#price").slider("destroy");
	
*Deprecated*  <del>__.slider("disabled", true|false)__
Sets the disabled state of the slider as well as the input element</del><del>

	$("#price").slider("disabled",true);
	
</del>This method has been deprecated, simply use `.prop` on the original `input` element

	$("#price").prop( "disabled", true);
	
Events
------

* slidestart - fired before dragging the slider has started. Call `preventDefault()` on the event object to prevent sliding
* slide - fired constantly as the slider is being dragged
* slideend - fired before dragging the slider ends

Markup/Data-API
--------

You can use the slider plugin without extra javascript by specifying data attributes on the input element:

	<div id="target"></div>
	<input data-slider="#target" data-min="1" data-max="100" data-step="1">
	
The element only needs a `data-slider` attribute for it to be picked up. The value is used as a jQuery selector to find the element where the slider will be rendered. Note dynamically created elements need to be called manually with js.

The disabled attribute of an input is automatically used to disable a slider. A slider will automatically
be vertically oriented if its dimensions suggest so (height > width).

See demo.html for better overview and tips for more advanced use.

Commit message:

add instructions for integrating with bootstrap

README.md, after:

Slider plugin for jQuery


Minimal configuration jQuery plugin with bootstrap style data api.

2kb gzipped and minified.

Integrating with bootstrap
--------------------------

Add `@import "slider.less";` to your `bootstrap.less` file. Also add this variable in your `variables.less` file:

	@borderColor: #C7C7C7;
	
Compile as normal.

Usage
-----

The slider can only be called on input elements, this helps keeping
the api size to minimum. 

	$('input').slider(options)
	
Options
-------

* min - the minimum value, default 1
* max - the maximum value, default 100
* step - the step size, default 1. Must be > 0

Methods
-------

__.slider("destroy")__
Destroy the slider enhancement from an input element

	$("#price").slider("destroy");
	
*Deprecated*  <del>__.slider("disabled", true|false)__
Sets the disabled state of the slider as well as the input element</del><del>

	$("#price").slider("disabled",true);
	
</del>This method has been deprecated, simply use `.prop` on the original `input` element

	$("#price").prop( "disabled", true);
	
Events
------

* slidestart - fired before dragging the slider has started. Call `preventDefault()` on the event object to prevent sliding
* slide - fired constantly as the slider is being dragged
* slideend - fired before dragging the slider ends

Markup/Data-API
--------

You can use the slider plugin without extra javascript by specifying data attributes on the input element:

	<div id="target"></div>
	<input data-slider="#target" data-min="1" data-max="100" data-step="1">
	
The element only needs a `data-slider` attribute for it to be picked up. The value is used as a jQuery selector to find the element where the slider will be rendered. Note dynamically created elements need to be called manually with js.

The disabled attribute of an input is automatically used to disable a slider. A slider will automatically
be vertically oriented if its dimensions suggest so (height > width).

See demo.html for better overview and tips for more advanced use.
